OK.
So let's start again now.
We're going to be working on my data on the index that BHB more than the other for now because it starts
from the top down.
We're going to start from there and we're going to start from this botches first grade we study here
already.
Going to start with the post comments and stuff and other things but I want to create a really cool
helper functions that are going to help us personalize this better for the user.
So let me just come back here and minimize this and then the make sure my code is a little bit more
organized there.
Now the next one is this one here we're going to we need to get depost what we can.
We don't want to get all the polls when we get the polls for this specific use or that's low then.
OK.
So what I'm going to do is I'm going to copy this stuff OK and I'm going to take it to the back so I
can play with it.
And then I take it to the functions.
OK now let's make a nother separation here.
I'm going to make sure that this is and here and and I'm going to
this should be a general function the helper function should be their general function should be above
that's fine should be their identification functions here.
And more specific functions should be down below that indication.
OK.
So this would be
user specific help or specific help.
And they all should have a nice day anyway so let's grab the code that we pasted from the back from
the index and let's put it
right here.
Make sure you have you and comments here.
OK.
We're going to create what is it that we want to do first let's just move this here.
We want to grab all the user's posts so let's name a function or something similar to that.
So get user posts or let's be more specific it doesn't matter how long it is as long as it's very specific
it's good get all user posts simple.
And now let's move that code to the top here and you guys know what we need to do here.
We can use Querrey
here and we don't need any of these stuff and we just changed the name here to a.
That's what that is.
It's a matter of fact and we don't know this stuff.
Let's just return it just like that.
What do you guys think.
I think dashes of fi's should be sufficient to do what we want but we are missing a we're missing a
very key ingredient.
We don't want to return.
And what is the we go we are we don't want to return all the posts like we were before.
Well we want to do is return to pose for the use of that a little den.
So we're going to select all from polls where the user ID.
OK equals the logged in user ID and we have a function for that that we created in there like in the
likes section.
Right.
So its called logged in user ID which is beautiful right.
The Help Help us out a lot.
And that said thats all we can remember that we have this user ID in the post and we created that was
on the life section.
So now that we have a function we can go to the index and remove all this stuff here and paste out there.
OK.
Now all this cold.
Are you going to see a lot of code in between here and that's fine because we are actually echoing how
that information but for the for this data here that we have we're going to put all that stuff all the
way on the top of just to make a little bit more organized.
I'm going to put this in one line so you could see it.
It's a matter of fact we can even minimize this a little further.
We don't even know that we can use separate this here.
Like that and put that in there but we're not going to get the users post yet the count because we need
to make sure that we are counting it.
So let's go to functions here.
We don't have we have a fetch records and we've got to use my ask you apply known rules to count it.
Why not just build the functions for that.
I thought I did have it.
Let me just search you just in case count I don't have it.
So let's use create it.
If you guys don't have it create one and I'm going to use my escalating on Rose.
OK.
But I want to wrap it with his general function here.
So
this is going to actually this is going to be a database function.
We are going to count records.
That's what we're going to do.
And we want to return my issue a lie known Rose.
Now that one
and we're going to count the records that are coming in
actually with time records and we're just going to say here.
And resort simple as a
ok.
You guys are welcome to wrap this you know to use as a.p statements or prepare statements but for what
we are doing right now we don't need it.
OK.
Right now we're just getting stuff from the database.
If we were doing so maybe getting data from outside in a form or something like that maybe we can think
about prepare statements.
It's not that big of an issue here and we're being used in my life where they're remaining on the course.
So don't stress it.
So we've got this count records guys remember that.
I'm out in this section here because I want you guys to know to learn how to personalize see a mess
for every user.
OK.
So count records and we go here and we'll just do that and like that OK.
We have here we go.
So refresh and you can see that we get some type of error here.
I'm going to right click on it.
On page source I'm going to see if it shows me where the error count records.
Well I think I have an idea why my graph went down because I don't have the post count variable which
is needed unfortunately.
So I'm going to save PPOs count
OK.
And if we go all the way to the top this is where we can put that there.
Put it.
So open and the BHB tag here I'm going to put the post count first just to check to see if that's the
problem.
And then I make it 10.
Let's go back here.
Refresh Whoops.
There we go.
That was the problem you see now.
It's 10:00 here on my data so I'm going to paste that in here.
Refresh.
And now you can see that it says it doesn't have any posts that use are those who have any posts.
OK.
I know for a fact that is it shouldn't be true because I use it should have a pulse.
As a matter of fact let's go to your users and use these twenty eight.
Let's go to the database and let's see where my mistaking.
And they use it twenty eight doesn't have any posts.
All right.
Let's make it let's give them one poll so I added the user ID on the post table.
And now if I go to my data you can see they does have one post.
Now it's reflecting here in here.
OK.
We've still got a long way to go with the rest.
But you get an idea on how we are doing this right.
Okay perfect.
I'll see you in the next lecture guys.
Take care.